docs: check amount of logs in reviews (#981)
elastisys/welkin: docs/ciso-guide/log-review.md

1. Open up a browser and open the Compliant Kubernetes [logs](../user-guide/logs.md) of the cluster you are reviewing. This functionality is currently offered by OpenSearch.
1. Search for the following keywords on all indices -- i.e., search over each index pattern -- over the last review period: `error`, `failed`, `failure`, `deny`, `denied`, `blocked`, `invalid`, `expired`, `unable`, `unauthorized`, `bad`, `401`, `403`, `500`, `unknown`. Sample a few keywords you recently encountered during your work, e.g., `already installed` or `not found`; be creative and unpredictable.
1. Vary the time point, the time interval, filters, etc.

> 1. Include the amount of logs for each log category in your review. Compare it to any previous log reviews of the environment. If there are an order of magnitude more logs than in the previous review it could be worth investigating why that is.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion. I don't want to put words in your mouth :sweat_smile: 
```suggestion
1. Look at the amount of logs in each category. Is it the same, significantly less, or significantly more logs compared to the last check? If it's a major difference consider investigating further to figure out why that is.
```
